[Music]
we're at the London Boat Show onboard
balance hose new Oceanus 38.1 this model
has the same hull as the previous boat
but there's modified the interior you've
still got this lovely big wide-open
space lots of light through the whole
windows and big coat roof windows but
there's less of an open-plan layout
you've still got the double doors into
the four cabin but that can be fully
closed off if you want to there's a
choice of two or three cabins on deck
the boat is very much what we've come to
expect in this part of the market
there's a big cockpit with lots of space
and this central table that's great in
harbour but also gives you something to
support yourself on not when the boats
heels or bouncing around a bit at sea
there's twin wheels twin brothers and a
fold-down bathing platform that also has
integrated life raft storage
[Music]